Module config: mention possible need for proxy setting (#173)
google/docsy-example: README.md

git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/me/example.git
```

> Depending on your environment you may need to tweak the [module top level settings](https://github.com/google/docsy-example/blob/1c7f7e300c90cd690ca5be66b43fe58713bb21c9/config.toml#L221-L228) inside your `config.toml` slightly, for example by adding a proxy to use when downloading remote modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your environment, you may need to adjust the top-level `module` settings in your project's Hugo config file`, for example, by adding a proxy to use when downloading remote modules.
```

Author: Changed as proposed.
